Improve wording about uninitialized values (#332)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: talk/morelanguage/initialization.tex

    \end{cppcode*}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item If \mintinline{cpp}{T} has a default constructor (including compiler generated), calls it

>       \item If \mintinline{cpp}{T} is a primitive type, \mintinline{cpp}{t} is left uninitialized (undefined value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item If \mintinline{cpp}{T} is a fundamental type, \mintinline{cpp}{t} is left uninitialized (undefined value)
      \item If \mintinline{cpp}{T} is an array, default initializes all members
```
Please keep the point on arrays!

Author: see the commit message, I think the about arrays is wrong? https://godbolt.org/z/6Paf5P49x

Reviewer 2: Testing it further in godbolt, it looks like the correct statement is probably "If \mintinline{cpp}{T} is an array, same rules are applied to each item"

Author: fair enough :)

Author: suggestions applied

Author: oooh yeah now I get it, sorry :/
